DOCSUP-3227: Documented the persistent setting (#16579)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

-   0 — The bigint data type is disabled.

Default value: `0`.

## persistent {#persistent}

Disables persistency for StorageSet and StorageJoin. 

> Reduces the IO overhead when using StorageSet and StorageJoin. Suitable for scenarios that pursue performance and do not require persistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reduces the I/O overhead when using the Set and Join table engines. Suitable for scenarios that pursue performance and do not require persistence.
```

Reviewer: Also Set and Join must be links.

Default value: `0`.

## persistent {#persistent}

> Disables persistency for StorageSet and StorageJoin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disables persistency for the `Set` and `Join`-engine tables. 
```
